I don't have much time left.
I need to tell credit.
You're all grown up now, and there's something you should know.
Fifteen years ago, I found you near a dumpster.
You were barely alive, bleeding out.
I took you to a hospital.
By some miracle, we share the same blood time.
Maybe negative.
I gave you my blood, and I saved you.
Dad, I can't beat you.
I'm your daughter.
It's true.
You had a severe head injury.
You lost your memory.
And I never wanted to burn you with the past.
Inside this box is a ring with Clara.
Probably a keepsake from your real parents.
This is a photo of you as a little girl.
That's shortly after I found you.
And I'm hoping that the ring and the photo help you reunite with your real parents.
Dad, my real family.
I don't need anything else.
Better. I think you should find them.
Who knows if they had any choice to leave you?
Someday you'll come to understand why.
I've made you suffer over all these years.
Just barely surviving.
Fighting for every paycheck.
I'm just hoping that finding your parents is going to give you promise me
will find them.
I've never been to leave you, okay?
You will always be my dad.